Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me now.
Galaxy A10e: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I hear ya. Gotcha.
Oh,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I guess.
Galaxy A10e: We're okay.
Galaxy A10e: Are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you, I heard, I saw your email, I see that you have a lot going on.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, yeah. My second my second teenager tried to commit suicide. They just want to come home.
Oh,
Galaxy A10e: She's 14
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She been injured one of
The
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, she's in there too, because she needs the same people all the other kids see Kelly. I think it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. And so what they do or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happened.
Galaxy A10e: Here I haven't moved my phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm here.
Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Um, other than that. Let's see. My other daughters, she's back at the group home.
Galaxy A10e: She's like staying off the phone not really calling anywhere if she's not allowed to call down aunties, which is because I guess if that's what they think is supposed to happen. Fine. But she's allowed to call me.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, good. Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: And I tried to only bring up stuff that positive. That's why I haven't called her since I didn't call yesterday, cuz I didn't want to tell her. What's going on with Cherokee
Galaxy A10e: So I don't want to bring her down. So I think I'll just wait till maybe she took calls Cherokee or check and tells her. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You how are you
Galaxy A10e: Happy
Galaxy A10e: Woke up I woke up late this morning and Miss, miss my babies phone call.
Galaxy A10e: Those options pissed off. Most morning but
Galaxy A10e: first timers over overslept and
Galaxy A10e: Weeks.
Galaxy A10e: And I overslept by a half hour. And it's only a six minute phone call, but it makes a world of difference.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't imagine. Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I hate to be the one to bring this up but you know you tested positive your last day.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, way back in February.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whenever it was. The doctor was just telling me about it the other day last week and I told him that I would bring it up to you. Whenever you and I met because he didn't. He wasn't gonna bring it up, you know, in group.
Galaxy A10e: Oh yeah we yeah I knew that one was going closing right I'm pretty much. I told him that I'm pretty sure I did.
Galaxy A10e: Okay. Um, but I can go do another one.
Galaxy A10e: See like we have our another co by or another person that got the virus in this town. So, and that was just like, what, two days ago. So I'm kind of
Galaxy A10e: The hospital but
Galaxy A10e: I can always wear a mask and usually pretty hand sanitizer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do they, they're not able to into your residence.
Galaxy A10e: Well, they did. They sent me one, but I never got it here. So I went to the hospital and it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh ok and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even I'm looking right now.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see
Galaxy A10e: I found a second I found a guy in Sacramento that I'm going to do this. I got happy and take cheap filled out online.
Galaxy A10e: On your dog doing my phone so I can happen filled, I need to fill the rest and then send it off because I need a lawyer like quick style because I'm
Galaxy A10e: This lady's been trying to get ahold of me. She wants to talk to me about the kids and she wants. I guess I'm not sure if she's for the kids or if she's for child welfare.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who is
Galaxy A10e: Not sure what she's a court appointed lady that she's booked to get the courts her opinion or
Galaxy A10e: Asian
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: an evaluator.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what they're called, and a court appointed evaluator, what, what they do is, you know, she's in the realm of us I Kyle a psychiatrist or psychologist and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She specializes in it. So what she does is she meets with all the parties involved and gives her recommendation on where what the best will be for the kids, long term.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what it is. So she talks to the kids. She talks to us, you talk to your partner, you know, she checks on your history with therapy, she jumps on your head. She looks at all. She looks at all the evidence everything as a whole.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay and sees you know exactly what's going to be in the best interest for the kids.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: So I'm my plan is, since we haven't had many this whole time. We've been hanging on our truck. We have one more payment on the truck. But we've got him to split the payment so that way I could go test.
Galaxy A10e: You know, to maintain her just
Galaxy A10e: On my own just
Galaxy A10e: In there and pay for one that way, at least I'll have you know you put on my color, but at least I have some testing that I could bring with me to show them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Galaxy A10e: And in the event that everything shut down right now. Anyways, I went in turn some core paperwork in for true because we wanted to switch your medicine and I absolutely do not want her on
Galaxy A10e: Seroquel because it's treatment. And so I turn this stuff into the judge. And then I realized, oh, right, like the paper. I turned in.
Galaxy A10e: At the whole courthouse shut down. You have to have this nice damp by clerk and I couldn't even see anybody when you go in there, it just as you know put documents in this you know envelope 31 or box 24 or whatever. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you kept a copy. Right.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, yes, yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Galaxy A10e: Achieve Mo is the main one. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Yeah, always keep a copy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's that piece and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Has she abuser cool in the past.
Galaxy A10e: Well, you know, she was just on
Galaxy A10e: A measurable circles. She's in treatment and she's got one, one month in 21 days, she'll have a whole year clean and sober.
Galaxy A10e: And so I didn't want her input on meds that are going to make her drowsy, you know, really drowsy or just
Galaxy A10e: It just, I just, I don't know. She's in treatment. I figured, you know, non narcotic will be the best thing, but they took her off that. Anyway, they put her on Zoloft, which is okay. I said, that's fine, or depression 10 X, which I'm not sure. I think it's verse sleeping.
Galaxy A10e: And then you know melatonin is a gummy. You could eat that for, you know, to help you go to sleep, but circle. So for 15 year old boy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it depends on what her. Does she have a mental health diagnosis.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, actually I just claimed 150 now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Galaxy A10e: And now my second daughter that truck committing suicide. They, the one that really wants to come home. She's been talking to a therapist forever now um
Galaxy A10e: She
Galaxy A10e: She's not she has never been on any medicine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I mean it was he chooses
Galaxy A10e: You and she's like, No, I'm not doing 15 and she argued with they're just like, No, I'm not. I just tried. She's like, I just want to go home.
Galaxy A10e: I haven't got to see my parents in person. I haven't got to hold, maybe, you know, my mom or dad or I haven't got to be with my you know my siblings. She's like, and I want to go home.
Galaxy A10e: So,
Galaxy A10e: She said she argued with the hospital about being 5150 so they they listened to her.
Galaxy A10e: Good. She's right. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, okay. Back to your daughter that's in treatment. Does she have a mental health diagnosis. What is it,
Galaxy A10e: Now it's, it was just ADHD. But now that she's been treatment and she went to recommend us. I know it's
Galaxy A10e: Depression and
Galaxy A10e: ADHD probably I'm
Galaxy A10e: Not sure the other ones. They didn't say oh the paper just said that what they want to trigger port.
Okay.
Galaxy A10e: The circles for sleeping or something, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: at nighttime Seroquel circles. Actually it's a dual used medication. So it can be used for for sleeping, but it depending on the mental health diagnosis and can also be used for mental health stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes part of the issue with sleeping. Is that our, our brain cannot turn off. It just, it just goes and goes and goes and goes and goes
Galaxy A10e: Hey, I wasn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yawning, yo.
Galaxy A10e: You sleeping, but I'm not sleeping. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Circle does help with that, just shut off the brain enough so that you can get into that realm sleep and get a true amount of sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be 100% true
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the, it can be used. You know, for mental health stuff, but it can also be used for sleeping. If she's not getting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, getting into that realm, sleep, which can affect everything. I mean, it can make you look like you're you know that you're hallucinating. It can make you. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It can make you irritable, it can play a factor in your mental health, physical health emotional health. You can play a factor on everything so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, just to let you know I'm not a circle poster. But I've definitely seen people that it has benefited from
Galaxy A10e: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, especially when it's a dual diagnosis thing.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, the judge just to make the final decision. I just I just told them where my you know my areas were night. She's in treatment. I just thought it would be best to not have run it, but I mean he gets the final choice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and how are you doing with your stuff.
Galaxy A10e: All right.
Galaxy A10e: Drink today. I got a double shot and drink it. But just to call me down because my little shot but
Galaxy A10e: Other than that, I'm just saying.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to get with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Galaxy A10e: Please don't call me as I wanted to meet up at the beach with her, you know, and you know, throw rocks or, you know, just spend some one on one time together.
Galaxy A10e: Or you know mean her dad just spent some time with her, even if the foster parent has to come or, you know, whoever it doesn't matter. I want to spend time with her.
Galaxy A10e: Or have lunch or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do something okay so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Done. I want you to listen to me when I'm when I tell you this. Okay. And I want you to think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't keep
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: using substances, when you're high stress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because what happens is you continue will continue to path to failure you as somebody will find out and all the work that you've been doing will be for nothing. It's like, it's like doing that sabotage is everything that you've been working for
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you see what I mean.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whether it be a drink, whether it be smoking weed, whether it be one hit off of, you know, the math, five, whatever it might be, you know, you're doing all of this work, and I know your heart is about getting your kids back but your addiction is getting in the way a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell you these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If I don't point these out to you and tell you these things I'm going to it's doing you a great disservice. So you need to know that when you get stressed out. Don't go towards something like that you've got coping skills start using those coping skills.
Galaxy A10e: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, especially when you want to veer towards that, you know, do everything in your power to do something different because it just the end result is going to be, you know what I mean, it's going to continue being
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're not putting everything into it because you keep doing these things and you know if the end result will be not what you wanted. And so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's got to be 100% balls to the wall. This way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see what I'm saying.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'd rather you hear it from me than hear from somebody in somebody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't
Galaxy A10e: Appreciate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Important
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm on your side here.
Hey, I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if I don't want him out to you, then you're going to get it in a manner that you know you're not going to like or want to hear and it be devastating. And so in order to be up front and present and to be able to do what you need to do, be 100% 100% all the way. All right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You work on that for me.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, I will promise. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know right now is it stressful and you've got, you know, two baby girls that are dying for their mama.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know that your heart is ripped out and it hurts. And this is the hardest thing that you're that you probably have ever experienced. And what I can tell you is that if you don't do it 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They won't be able to get you back. I know that to be true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I want you to think about that whenever you're, you know, addiction starts telling you, I am so stressed right now I need to have, I need a shot. I need a drink. I need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need a couple hits a weed. I need you know I need this, I need that if it's telling you if your brains telling you to go for a substance back away run the opposite direction, do everything you can to get to the other side of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's the that's called self sabotaging behaviors and you're getting ready to go and have a conversation with the court evaluator.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Accord evaluator can smell bullshit a mile away a quarter evaluator rose knows I mean they've been doing it for a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if she picks up even for a minute that you're doing, you know that these this is how you're coping with the stressful things with your kids. It's going to come into question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm telling you that for my own past experience and my mentor was a court evaluator so
Galaxy A10e: I asked.
Galaxy A10e: My worker. I said, Um, can you please on my kids back and
Galaxy A10e: Are there.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, and she said, yeah, she said. The only way that I'm getting my kids back is if we go back to court and the judge gives me my reunification back
Galaxy A10e: She said she can my kids back so I'm like,
Galaxy A10e: I know
Galaxy A10e: A ball with
Galaxy A10e: We don't go to court till June. But yeah, everything shut down. I'm like, I'm I could you know I could turn myself in right now and go do a you know 60 or 90 day program.
Galaxy A10e: Somewhere, but you can't go anywhere right now.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything's on hold and so for them to not give you, you know, take this opportunity to see what you're going to do and keep everything in a stalemate stance.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doesn't make sense. But now that they pulled in a court evaluator. That's not a bad thing. It can actually work on your side. If you're 100%
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, right. That's what I know to be true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you think you can do it.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, I'm asking a lot
Galaxy A10e: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it is for people like you and me. It is asking a lot but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can tell you that it's doable. And the end result, you're going to be so so glad you did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can, I can promise you that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I can promise you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whatever the outcome is you would have done 100 per 110%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With no derails no side rails. No, you know. No, but as limbo bullshit, but really just kind of giving them you know the true factual information, they'll be able to see it on your face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They can eat corn evaluators can tell when people are lying. They're trained in that as well. So, you know, all of these things you you've got to really take into account and take into play.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you get stressed out and your first thought is to have a dream board out of shot to help calm your nerves know first thought wrong.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is definitely something you know to learn as first that wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it's actually, you should be picking up the phone and you should be calling people and you should be communicating with other people getting other people's advice. You know what I mean, getting a lawyer doing those things that you know that you're doing.
You know,
Galaxy A10e: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Picking up your book doing the hard stuff which is looking at a book, rather than ruminating in your head and your thoughts and your worries you know
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Praying to your higher power, whatever that looks like for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Galaxy A10e: I've been going to church every Sunday with my daughter.
Galaxy A10e: Online.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, she's yeah she's goes online to cuz every step down there to, you know, somewhere, but I'm at home. So I've been just trying to go online, every like it's been like three weeks in a row. I was actually
Galaxy A10e: Nice. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. And don't miss in your appointments
Galaxy A10e: If you're in the car and I've been
Galaxy A10e: For like it's been like, I don't know, six or seven months I've made sure or four or five months I made sure, you know, but the day before or
Galaxy A10e: The morning that I made sure I called or, you know, checked in, or something. No matter what, I don't want to have that good on one has a good recommendation. Want to get in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And what they do is they pull up your pull up your account. And there's this part in your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Chart that says tended miss and that's what they base that later on. So you want to make sure that you know that you check into virtual clinic because that's how they they mark that that you're there, they put that in your chart that you're there. Okay.
The virtual
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, beginning document, document, document. You know what I mean, if, if it's not documented it didn't happen. So if you come straight to zoom. They have no idea that you've made it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and that's why it's really important that you check in with with virtual clinic before you come to zoom. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sense. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay. All right. So you've got, you know, I'm asking a lot of you today.
Galaxy A10e: No kidding.
Galaxy A10e: I've been thinking about for days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just, you know, you don't give up. Dawn keep doing what you're doing. You know what I mean. You got babies that need do you got teenage girls that need you and you are, you know, you mean the world to them. And if the courts, you know, word to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep your parental rights are taken, you know, your parental rights that would devastate them and it would devastate you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so you keep that in the forefront of your mind and realize and know and understand that self, self sabotaging behaviors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you take that shot when you. We, you know, when you're looking for that quick fix to a long term problem, you know, that is your addiction that's trying to keep a hold of, you know, take everything from you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, what do I always tell you guys, you know, your addiction, has one job and that's to take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And I have a feeling if you lose this this war, it's going to take you right
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So next let's not let it when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're worth it, you're worth it to me you're worth it to your kids, you're worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just gotta believe that you are too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no.
Galaxy A10e: We want to go potty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're right.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah okay my my dogs are trying to get outside
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay. I have another appointment. Anyway, so our visit today was going to be short, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me know what happens. Okay, you have my email, email me, let me know. You know that we know you're okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if you have to email me when you are stressed out and you have those thoughts of taking a shot is going to feel better, email me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, instead of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
In replace it. Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will you do that.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. What are your meetings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You hear me. Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't get discouraged and and stop doing all the things all the healthy things that you've been that you've started to do keep pushing forward with that. That's how we become healthy parents were kids to
Galaxy A10e: True.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, please.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so listen. I'll see you Friday. I'll be watching my email if you need me, I'll be there. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so. Okay.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have faith in you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and you've got two teenage
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Daughters that have faith in you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wish you could see. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lost her